= sga_nav

== Usage

 to build a navigation li :

  <div class="nav">
    <ul>
      <% main_nav :user, :class => "first" do %> <%= link_to 'Users', users_path %> <% end %>
      <% main_nav :scene do %> <%= link_to 'Scenes', scenes_path %> <% end %>
    </ul>
  </div>

 to build a sub nav:

   <div class="secondary-navigation">
     <ul>
       <% sec_nav :new, :class => "first" do %><%= link_to "tasks", user_tasks_path(current_user) %><% end %>
       <% sec_nav :strategy do %><%= link_to "messages", user_messages_path(current_user) %><% end %>
     </ul>
     <div class="clear"></div>
   </div>

 when user view pages correspoding to actions in users controller, we'd like the tab "User" highlight, to accomplish this:

 class UsersController < ApplicationController

   main_nav_highlight :users

   # bla bla bla ...

 end

 also if you need to highlight the sub nav, call "sec_nav_highlight :something" in your controller

== Code

module Navigation

  module ControllerExtensions

    module ClassMethods

      def sec_nav_highlight(name)
        class_eval do
          before_filter { |c| c.instance_variable_set(:@sec_nav, name) }
        end
      end

      def main_nav_highlight(name)
        class_eval do
          before_filter { |c| c.instance_variable_set(:@main_nav, name) }
        end
      end

    end

  end

  module RailsHelpers

    def sec_nav(name, options = {}, &block)
      if @sec_nav == name
        if options[:class]
          options[:class] += " active"
        else
          options[:class] = "active"
        end
      end
      content = capture(&block)
      concat content_tag(:li, content, options)
    end

    def main_nav(name, options = {}, &block)
      if @main_nav == name
        if options[:class]
          options[:class] += " active"
        else
          options[:class] = "active"
        end
      end
      content = capture(&block)
      concat content_tag(:li, content, options)
    end

  end

end

ActionController::Base.send :extend, Navigation::ControllerExtensions::ClassMethods
ActionController::Base.send :helper, Navigation::RailsHelpers

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 tim.teng. See LICENSE for details.
